April
arrived , it was the reception
friendly as always to say because we
We all already know each other at the reception
have to get to the room immediately
Do not wait and then you were immediately shut
home
asc generz generosity
As you can see, there are very big ones
double bed I have to say the baths well
the lighting in the bathrooms is he
especially bad and you have to
already slowly renovated something
By taking baths, women entered
Rather that you do not know where to
eat to look cheap brought the
but you do not want to succeed
but what do not know just because I'm on
vacation
in the sunshine
the beach is great is very influenced
for weeks is no dirt
Cigarette paper bottles we others
beach cut off on the tasted
his hotel is great